Feat(funnel): allow pluginRequest to trigger events (#2542)
kuzzleio/kuzzle: doc/2/guides/develop-on-kuzzle/event-system/index.md

::: warning
If an internal event is triggered, the payload must be the same as the original event.
:::

> **Events can be triggered** with SDK and controllers actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Events are always triggered** from SDK and controller actions.
```

Author: But since the default behavior without the flag is to not trigger events wouldn't it be confusing ?

Reviewer: Well they are triggered from external SDK and controller actions, so I think that's a bit misleading

Author: True...
What about :
**Events are not triggered** with the embedded SDK and controllers actions.

::: warning
By default, actions executed through the embedded SDK or controllers won't trigger any events and thus no pipe or hooks will be called. On the contrary, controllers accessed by the external SDK through HTTP or Websocket requests will always fire events.
:::

::: warning
By default, actions executed through the embedded SDK or controllers won't trigger any events and thus no pipe or hooks will be called.
:::

This behaviour is set in order to prevent an infinite loop in which a pipe calls a controller generating an event calling this same pipe again and again. 

> It is nonetheless possible to pass the flag `allowTrigggerEvents` to the options parameters of the controller to allow events firing :

Reviewer: There are three `g`s, only two is enough.
Also the parameter should in my opinion be simply called `triggerEvents`, as it instructs the funnel to actually trigger events, and not just allow it to trigger events or not.

> It is nonetheless possible to pass the flag `allowTrigggerEvents` to the options parameters of the controller to allow events firing :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is nonetheless possible to pass the flag `triggerEvents` to the options parameters of the controller to allow events firing :
```

```ts
await this.sdk.document.create(
              "index",
              'collection',
              {
                contentOfDocument: 'CREATED VIA CONTROLLER',
              },
              _idOfDocument,

>               { allowTriggerEvents: true },

Reviewer: ```suggestion
              { triggerEvents: true },
```
